docs(microservices): add instruction to use transport in MessagePattern (#1246)
nestjs/docs.nestjs.com: content/faq/hybrid-application.md

await app.listen(3001);
```

> For bind `@MessagePattern()` only to one transport of microservices in hybrid application with multiple microservices can use second argument which should get value from `Transport` enum

Reviewer: For bind...

To

To bind...

> For bind `@MessagePattern()` only to one transport of microservices in hybrid application with multiple microservices can use second argument which should get value from `Transport` enum

Reviewer: `with multiple microservices can use`

To

`with multiple microservices we can use`

> For bind `@MessagePattern()` only to one transport of microservices in hybrid application with multiple microservices can use second argument which should get value from `Transport` enum

Reviewer: `can use second argument`

To

`can use the second argument`

> For bind `@MessagePattern()` only to one transport of microservices in hybrid application with multiple microservices can use second argument which should get value from `Transport` enum

Reviewer: `only to one`

To

`to only one`

> For bind `@MessagePattern()` only to one transport of microservices in hybrid application with multiple microservices can use second argument which should get value from `Transport` enum

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To bind `@MessagePattern()` to only one transport strategy (for example, MQTT) in a hybrid application with multiple microservices, we can pass the second argument of type `Transport` which is an enum with all the built-in transport strategies defined.
```
